small fix of example, added validator blocks found (#12)
Joystream/founding-members: SUBMISSION-GUIDELINES.md

Submission Guidelines
===

<!-- TOC START min:1 max:3 link:true asterisk:false update:true -->
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [Text File](#text-file)
    - [Text Example](#text-example)
    - [Best Practices](#best-practices)
    - [Website Form](#website-form)
    - [Email Submission](#email-submission)
<!-- TOC END -->

## Overview
There are two ways to submit your activities. The primary method is to use the form on our [website](#website-form), while the other is to send your summary by [email](#email) to `founding.members (at) jsgenesis.com`.

Note that in either case, make sure you include all your activities up until the end of the scoring round. When you have submitted for round `n`, you can no longer include any activity that **took place before the end of that round**. Hence, anything that was concluded in round `n-1` or `n`, will not be accepted. This rule is to prevent us awarding points for the same activity more than once.

### Node Operators and Validators

> Many have been asking how to add their Validator or nodes to their [text files](#text-file) in order to get points. A previous example was somewhat poor in that regards, so this has been modified somewhat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many have been asking how to add their Validator or node-operating activity to their [text files](#text-file) in order to get points. A previous example was somewhat poor in that regards, so this has now been updated and improved.
```
